# cs-330-computer-graphics

I approach designing software with the mindset of one about to eat an elephant:  proceed one forkful at a time.  I first begin by sketching out basic functionality 
and structure.  What are the MVP requirements for this project?  What libraries, tools, or languages do I need to utilize to build the project?  Once that is settle, I usually do a paper sketch of what I intend:  a map of functions, usually represented with psuedocode, and sometimes a UML diagram or two.  Overall, this advanced planning came in handy with this graphics project, because as I absorbed new functionality into the project, the basic core of the code remained the same:  shaders, vertices arrays, index arrays, and a render and input process function.  As things became more complicated, I was able to add more functions to handle things like texturization, keyboard and mouse input, and lighting, without having to disrupt the spine of earlier work.  I test early and often, and I was building and debugging multiple times each week as I implemented new features.
Most importantly, I was keen to avoid new code messing with older outputs.  The finished version of the week prior served as the standard until the new week's version ran flawlessly with new features.

Computer science has taught me much about my ability to adapt and learn complicated subjects.  So far, I've gone from someone who'd never written a line of code to someone who can read documentation, learn new code languages, and produce actual software.  While computer graphics is not my intended career goal, the math and logic involved in the calculations of textures, lighting, and 3D rendering were interesting.  I also have a newfound zen-like patience and have reevaluated my relationship with homework-based stress!  In all seriousness, this class was the most challenging topic I have faced so far, and I had to do most of the learning on my own.  As a life-long learner, strengthening the ability to face unknown material and gain knowledge from it is the most rewarding part of my CS journey and this class overall.

